h1. Streaming Classifier

Example "wukong":https://github.com/infochimps/wukong script for training on and classifying massive corpora of text. Makes use
of "ankusa":https://github.com/livingsocial/ankusa as the classifier library for scalable storage (either cassandra or hbase).

h2. Dependencies

@sudo gem install wukong@

@sudo gem install akusa@

h2. Usage

Say you've got a terabyte of text to use as a training set. You've also got a cassandra ring lying around and hadoop cluster for
compute (aws and "cluster_chef":https://github.com/infochimps/cluster_chef make this part EASY).

h3. Training

<pre><code>
# with cassandra
./streaming_classifier.rb --run --train --host=<cassandra_host> --class_field=0 --text_field=1 /path/to/input /path/to/outputw

# with hbase
./streaming_classifier.rb --run --train --storage=hbase --host=<hbase_host> --port=<hbase_port> --class_field=0 --text_field=1 /path/to/input /path/to/output

# no hadoop
cat /sample/training/data | ./streaming_classifier.rb --map --train --host=<cassandra_host> --class_field=0 --text_field=1
</code></pre>

h3. Classifying

<pre><code>
# with cassandra
./streaming_classifier.rb --run --host=<cassandra_host> --text_field=1 /path/to/input /path/to/outputw

# with hbase
./streaming_classifier.rb --run --storage=hbase --host=<hbase_host> --port=<hbase_port> --text_field=1 /path/to/input /path/to/output

# no hadoop
cat /sample/training/data | ./streaming_classifier.rb --map --train --host=<cassandra_host> --class_field=0 --text_field=1
</code></pre>
